applications: serial_lte_modem: Add #XSLEEP=2 (power off UART) (#4003)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.rst

.. option:: CONFIG_SLM_GPIO_WAKEUP - Support of GPIO wakeup

>    This option enables using GPIO to wake up nRF91 from deep sleep mode.
>    Select this option if you want to support deep sleep of nRF91.
> 
>    Note this option is by default selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option enables using GPIO to wake up nRF9160 from deep sleep mode.
   Select this option if you enable :option:`CONFIG_SLM_START_SLEEP` to put nRF9160 into deep sleep mode after startup.

   This option is selected by default.
```

Author: Updated

> .. option:: CONFIG_SLM_START_SLEEP - Enter sleep on start-up
> 
>    This option makes nRF91 enter deep sleep after power on.
>    This option is by default not selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. option:: CONFIG_SLM_START_SLEEP - Enter sleep on startup

   This option makes nRF9160 enter deep sleep after startup.
```

Author: Updated

>    Note this option requires :option:`CONFIG_SLM_GPIO_WAKEUP` is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option is not selected by default.
   It requires :option:`CONFIG_SLM_GPIO_WAKEUP` to be selected.
```

Author: Updated
